T899642: Change the autoResizeEnabled description (#3374)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Components/dxTextArea/1 Configuration/autoResizeEnabled.md

A Boolean value specifying whether or not the auto resizing mode is enabled.

---

> Use the [minHeight](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTextArea/Configuration/#minHeight) and [maxHeight](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTextArea/Configuration/#maxHeight) properties to specify the height that the adapted TextArea can occupy. The **minHeight** determines the initial height. For more information refer to the article: [Adapt the Size of the Text Area](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/TextArea/Adapt_the_Size_of_the_Text_Area/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the [minHeight](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTextArea/Configuration/#minHeight) and [maxHeight](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTextArea/Configuration/#maxHeight) properties to set the height that the adapted TextArea can occupy. **minHeight** specifies the initial height. For more information, refer to the following article: [Adapt the Size of the Text Area](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/TextArea/Adapt_the_Size_of_the_Text_Area/).
```

> Note that the [height](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/DOMComponent/1%20Configuration/height.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTextArea/Configuration/#height') property is not in effect if the **autoResizeEnabled** is set to **true**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that the [height](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/DOMComponent/1%20Configuration/height.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTextArea/Configuration/#height') property is not in effect if **autoResizeEnabled** is set to **true**.
```
